PERSONNEL
Diane C Whited - run the risk model, run the algal bloom classifier
Nanette - lead?
john kimball - ?
matt church - ?


WHAT GOES ON THE MAP

algal surveys (photos)
	maybe doesnt go on website
sat imagery
	processed by diane whited
	use the images to verify the septic risk models
groundwater surveys
septic risk map
	how is what we're doing different from this?
		it's for lake county, whereas flathead county already has it


and this needs to be packageable, so other counties can build their own

sat imagery
	need to purchase, so i'd have to build a spot for this to plug in
groundwater surveys
	definitely a bell or whistle. probs can leave off
septic risk map
	n/a


risk model inputs
	location of septic systems
	presumably location of waterbodies? 
	slope (? nanette thinks so, but diane didn't mention), soil type (nanette says) or geology (diane says), depth to groundwater, distance to surface water, septic age
	is this computation heavy? - probs not
	is it automatable? or do you need local knowledge?
	Ryan Richardson made the risk model
	output: color representing risk. by cell?


classification inputs:
	just satellite layer
	pleiades group has the high res thing (1.2m) but this has a fee
		see if it has an api
	users will either need to plug in a pleiades layer or...
	sentinel 2 is on earth engine. that's 10m. could maybe use it. diane wants to try using that for flathead lake
		chla or vegetation index
		if it works there, could work elsewhere. or other groups might just want to try it.
		so i'd need to build separate modules for this and for pleiades
	up to three different classification algorithms depending on lake bottom type
		that's a user input. don't need to derive programmatically


VISION FOR THE WEBSITE
	the sensors should appear on the map and be green if the're chill, or orange to red if a bloom is happening
	show the locations for septic. these are in hand for flathead county, not for lake
	land layers in clude the four basic layers of the risk model
